Update `datasets.py` (#86)
neuroinformatics-unit/movement: CONTRIBUTING.md

Currently, the data repository contains sample pose estimation data files
stored in the `poses` folder. Each file name starts with either "DLC", "SLEAP",
or "LP", depending on the pose estimation software used to generate the data.

### Fetching data
To fetch the data from GIN, we use the [pooch](https://www.fatiando.org/pooch/latest/index.html)
Python package, which can download data from pre-specified URLs and store them
locally for all subsequent uses. It also provides some nice utilities,
like verification of sha256 hashes and decompression of archives.

The relevant functionality is implemented in the `movement.sample_data.py` module.
The most important parts of this module are:

1. The `METADATA` variable, which contains detailed metadata (including filename, sha256 key, and source software) for every dataset
 in the GIN repository.
2. The `SAMPLE_DATA` download manager object.
3. The `list_sample_data()` function, which returns a list of the available files in the data repository.
4. The `fetch_sample_data_path()` function, which downloads a file (if not already cached locally) and returns the local path to it.

> 5. The `fetch_sample_data()` function, which downloads and returns a given dataset as an `xarray.Dataset` directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. The `fetch_sample_data()` function, which downloads a file and loads it into movement directly, returning an `xarray.Dataset` object.
```

3. Download the [GIN CLI](gin:G-Node/Info/wiki/GIN+CLI+Setup#quickstart) and set it up with your GIN credentials, by running `gin login` in a terminal.
4. Clone the movement data repository to your local machine, by running `gin get neuroinformatics/movement-test-data` in a terminal.
5. Add your new files to `/movement-test-data/poses/`.
6. Determine the sha256 checksum hash of each new file by running `sha256sum <filename>` in a terminal. Alternatively, you can use `pooch` to do this for you: `python -c "import pooch; hash = pooch.file_hash('/path/to/file'); print(hash)"`. If you wish to generate a text file containing the hashes of all the files in a given folder, you can use `python -c "import pooch; pooch.make_registry('/path/to/folder', 'sha256_registry.txt')`.
7. Add metadata for your new files to `poses_files_metadata.yaml`, including their sha256 hashes.
8. Commit your changes using `gin commit -m <message> <filename>`.
9. Upload the committed changes to the GIN repository by running `gin upload`. Latest changes to the repository can be pulled via `gin download`. `gin sync` will synchronise the latest changes bidirectionally.

> You can also perform steps 3, 4, 8, and 9 via the GIN web interface, if you prefer to avoid using the CLI.

Reviewer: I think we should remove this now. Determining which exact steps can be done via the web interfaces gets harder. Let's have only one canonical way of doing this.
